#Pandas Challenge-Module 4 
##Overview
"In this assignment, you’ll create and manipulate Pandas DataFrames to analyze school and standardized test data.

Background
You are the new Chief Data Scientist for your city's school district. In this capacity, you'll be helping the school board and mayor make strategic decisions regarding future school budgets and priorities.

As a first task, you've been asked to analyze the district-wide standardized test results. You'll be given access to every student's math and reading scores, as well as various information on the schools they attend. Your task is to aggregate the data to showcase obvious trends in school performance."
##Files
 - "python_challenge": The main repo for both the PyBank and PyPoll challenges. The PyPoll challenge folder contains the main Python script for the election results analysis, a "Resources" folder containing the dataset, and an "Anaylsis" folder with the txt file containing the results. 
    - "PyBank":the folder containing all files needed for the PyBank financial analysis 
    -"PyPoll":the folder containing all files needed for the PyPoll election results analysis
##Acknowledgements
    
    Xpert Learning Assistant was used to establish the framework and logic for this code, answer detailed questions, and assist in debugging. The framework and code were modified using course curriculum and activities to fit the requirements of the assignment.For more information about the Xpert Learning Assistant, visit [EdX Xpert Learning Assistant](https://www.edx.org/). 

##References

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC

© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
